README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋, I am Mickey Evans
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/MickeyEvans_?style=social)](https://twitter.com/MickeyEvans_)

Graduate from Rochester Institute of Technology working as a Data Analyst @ Goldman Sachs. 
I have created scripts in SQL to query data, Python to build applications for task automation, visualizations and analytics using R. 

In school, I built a [portfolio website](https://sites.google.com/g.rit.edu/mickey/) using Google Sites, a low/no-code solution, similar to that of a wordpress. 

## Working Knowledge
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/chrome/chrome-original.svg" 
					alt="Chrome logo" width="50" height="50" />			
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/confluence/confluence-original.svg" 
					alt="Confluence logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/gitlab/gitlab-original.svg" 
					alt="GitLab logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original.svg" 
					alt="Jupyter logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/linkedin/linkedin-original.svg" 
					alt="LinkedIn logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/jira-1.svg" 
					alt="JIRA logo" width="50" height="50" /> 

---

## Next Up
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/aws-2.svg" 
					alt="AWS logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/git.svg" 
					alt="Git logo" width="50" height="50" />

---

## Interests Include
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/buffalo-bills-4.svg" 
					alt="Bills logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/tesla-9.svg" 
					alt="Tesla logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/gold-s-gym.svg" 
					alt="Golds Gym Logo" width="50" height="50" /> 

---

[![Mickey's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mue8010)](https://github.com/mue8010/github-readme-stats)

 
<!--
**mue8010/mue8010** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update Images on ReadMe.md
Updated images to reflect new skills gained and revising some images to improve image quality

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋, I am Mickey Evans
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/MickeyEvans_?style=social)](https://twitter.com/MickeyEvans_)

Graduate from Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) working as a Data Analyst @ Goldman Sachs. 
I've created apps using Python, was an end-user querying data using Sybase/PostGRES SQL, and performed certain ETL automation tasks. Some of my other work consists of data visualizations and analytics using R/Python. 

In school, I built a [portfolio website](https://sites.google.com/g.rit.edu/mickey/) using Google Sites, a low/no-code solution, similar to that of a wordpress. 

-----
## Working Knowledge
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/chrome/chrome-original.svg" 
					alt="Chrome logo" width="50" height="50" />			
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/confluence/confluence-original.svg" 
					alt="Confluence logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/gitlab/gitlab-original.svg" 
					alt="GitLab logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/jupyter/jupyter-original.svg" 
					alt="Jupyter logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/linkedin/linkedin-original.svg" 
					alt="LinkedIn logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/jira-1.svg" 
					alt="JIRA logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35714965/147426234-14fb37ce-06fd-4034-8d7a-d5482771c6c0.png" 
					alt="Git Logo" width="50" height="50" />
-----
## Next Up
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35714965/147426312-bd8fce45-48e7-47af-83eb-d1e08d768983.png" 
					alt="AWS logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35714965/147426260-5ab45a8a-a690-4818-b54e-87b456fa97ed.png" 
					alt="Kubernetes" width="50" height="50" /> 
-----
## Interests Include
<img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/buffalo-bills-4.svg" 
					alt="Bills logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35714965/147426524-d5467741-efe8-4fc7-b499-13afec427778.png" 
					alt="Tesla logo" width="50" height="50" /> 
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35714965/147426471-ccb11d8a-caeb-42be-948c-ec941ccb3d7d.png" 
					alt="Gym Logo" width="50" height="50" /> 

-----
[![Mickey's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=mue8010)](https://github.com/mue8010/github-readme-stats)

 
<!--
**mue8010/mue8010** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
